For this one, we need these cards:
Throne Room: Action: Choose an Action card in your hand and play it twice. (cost 4)
Masquerade: Action: +2 Cards, then each player passes a card from their hand to the left at once, then you may trash a card from your hand. (cost 3) [he doesn't have to trash a card]
Council Room: Action: +4 Cards, +1 Buy, each other player draws a card. (cost 5)
Pawn: Action: Choose two: +1 Card, +1 Action, +1 Buy, +1 Coin (the two must be different). (cost 2)
Contraband: Treasure: +3 Coins, +1 Buy, When you play this card, the player to your left names a card. You can't buy that card this turn. (cost 5)
Talisman: Treasure: +1 Coin, while this card is in play, when you buy a card costing 4 or less that is not a victory card, gain a copy of it. (cost 4)
Peddler: Action: +1 Card, +1 Action, +1 Coin. During your Buy phase, this costs 2 less per Action card you have in play, but not less than 0. (cost 8 before the application of its rule)

Player 1 buys Throne Room and Masquerade on his first two turns.
Player 2 buys Council Room and Pawn on his first two turns.

Turn 5
Player 1 holds Throne Room, Masquerade, and 3 Coppers
Player 2 holds Council Room, Pawn, 2 Coppers, and an Estate
Player 1 plays Masquerade, draws 2 Coppers, passes a Throne Room to player 2 and receives an Estate, and trashes the Estate.
Player 1 now holds 5 Coppers and plays them all to buy a Contraband.

Turn 6
Player 1 holds 2 Coppers and 3 Estates (deck empty, discard pile contains Masquerade, Contraband, 5 Copper)
Player 2 holds Council Room, Pawn, 2 Coppers, and a Throne Room (discard empty, deck contains 5 Coppers and 2 Estates)
Player 2 Plays Pawn, choosing +1 Coin and +1 Action.
Player 2 plays Throne Room, and selects Council Room to be played twice. Player 2 draws all his remaining cards while player 1 reshuffles, then draws Masquerade and Contraband.
Player 2 plays 7 Coppers, and has 8 Coins and 3 Buys. He buys 2 Talismans.

Turn 7
Player 1 holds 2 Coppers, 3 Estates, Masquerade, and Contraband (discard empty, deck contains 5 Copper)
Player 2 holds Pawn, Throne Room, Council Room, and 2 Talismans (discard empty, deck contains 7 Coppers and 2 Estates)
Player 1 plays Masquerade, draws 2 Coppers, passes an Estate, gets a Talisman, and trashes an Estate.
Player 1 plays 4 Coppers, Talisman, and Contraband for a total of 8 Coins and 2 Buys.
Player 2 names Province as the card he can't buy (for Contraband).
Player 1 buys a Throne Room and a Talisman, and the Talisman triggers on each purchase to give him an extra copy of both.

Turn 8
Player 1 holds 3 Coppers and 2 Throne Rooms (the last two cards after a shuffle) (discard empty, deck contains 4 Coppers, 1 Estate, Masquerade, Contraband, 3 Talisman)
Player 2 holds Pawn, Throne Room, Council Room, Talisman, Estate (discard empty, deck contains 7 Coppers and 2 Estates)
Player 2 plays Pawn, choosing +1 Action and +1 Card, and draws an Estate.
Player 2 plays Throne Room, and selects Council Room to be played twice. Player 2 draws all his remaining cards (7 Coppers and an Estate). Player 1 draws Masquerade and Contraband.
Player 2 plays a Talisman and 7 Coppers.
Player 2 buys a Throne Room and a Talisman, and the Talisman triggers on each purchase to give him an extra copy of both.

Turn 9
Player 1 holds 3 Coppers, 2 Throne Rooms, Masquerade, and Contraband. (discard empty, deck contains 4 Coppers, 1 Estate, 3 Talisman)
Player 2 holds Council Room, 3 Talismans, and Throne Room (discard empty, deck contains Pawn, 3 Estates, 7 Coppers)
Player 1 plays a Throne Room, selecting his other Throne Room to be played twice.
To resolve the first of two copies of Throne Room, he chooses Masquerade to be played twice.
For one Masquerade, he draws 2 Talismans, passes a Copper, and gets a Council Room.
For the other Masquerade, he draws a Talisman and an Estate, passes the Estate, and gets a Talisman.
To resolve the last Throne Room, he chooses Council Room to be played twice. He draws the rest of his deck (4 Coppers) and player 2 draws 2 Coppers.
Player 1 plays 4 Talismans, 6 Coppers, and Contraband. Player 2 names Curse as the card he can't buy.
Player 1 has 13 Coins (4 from Talsiman, 6 from Copper, 3 from Contraband) and 4 Buys (1 initial, 2 from Council Room, and 1 from Contraband).
Player 1 buys a Throne Room. His 4 Talismans give him 4 more copies of it.
Player 1 buys a Talisman. His 4 Talismans give him 3 more copies of it and fail on the 4th copy because the supply is empty.
Player 1 has 4 action cards in play (2 Throne Room, Masquerade, and Council Room) so Peddler costs 0. He buys one, and his Talismans give him 4 more. Then he buys another Peddler, and his Talismans give him 4 more.

The 10 Throne rooms were taken on turn 1, turn 7 (2), turn 8 (2), and turn 9 (5).
The 10 Talismans were taken on turn 6 (2), turn 7 (2), turn 8 (2), and turn 9 (4).
The 10 Peddlers were all taken on turn 9.
So these stacks are depleted and the game is over.