Professor, researcher, popularizer, Erich Friedman is not only a talented mathematician, but also a prolific designer of games and puzzles.  His website, which has the best logic puzzles he has created over the past decade, receives thousands of visitors from around the world each month. 

Even before becoming a promising student of mathematics at Cornell University, Erich was struck by the beauty and apparent simplicity of the Rubik's Cube (which he once, using his own algorithm, solved in just 75 seconds). In the following years his interest in puzzles deepened, particularly pen-and-paper puzzles, and he wondered how to create them.  After experimenting, a dream came true: some of his games were published in the popular Games magazine. Shortly thereafter, contacted by Nick Baxter, Erich became a regular supplier of puzzles to the U.S. Puzzle Championship.

Actually Erich embodies perfection, that dynamic partnership between the world of mathematics and puzzle mysticism, which we have often encountered in these pages, as if they were two sides of the same coin. But what can push a good researcher, and Associate Professor of Mathematics at a prestigious American university (Stetson University in Florida), author of scientific articles such as "Pascal's Triangle and the Boltzmann Distribution", inventor of a number series that bears his name (so-called Friedman numbers, see insert) to devote himself to the world of games and puzzles? In a recent interview, Erich replied simply that these games are very amusing, especially when you want to relax. "I'm lucky that the same skills that help me to be a good mathematician are useful in solving puzzles," says Erich. 

Many puzzles of Erich Friedman are striking in their presentation.  They seem easy to solve, but they are not. The clues he provides are minimal. This philosophy very often makes his puzzles difficult to solve. "I'm never concerned that a puzzle is too hard. One thing I've learned in the puzzle business is that there are an awful lot of smart people out there who can solve anything I can throw their way!"